Your report should address the following issues (pay attention to how many marks are available for each criterion listed below):
• A thorough discussion of the 2 ERP systems allocated to you. DO NOT simply regurgitate the makers features as presented on their website or in their literature. Look for third party reviews etc and try to be critical. Remember you are producing a comparison of the 2 systems. 
• A discussion of issues involved in using different types of BAS (e.g. implementation, integration, flexibility, security/control and training) including how modern technologies are changing the work of accountants. As well as a discussion of decision-making issues in AIS. • Throughout the report you should include/apply accounting and IS theories and concepts as presented/discussed in the lectures/seminars. You should demonstrate awareness of contemporary issues in BAS and related technology along with applying critical thinking where possible. Try to use evidence wherever appropriate/possible. • Provide a comparison of Sage Accounts and Xero as you experienced them in the seminars/workshops. Discuss the pro’s and con’s of each system based on your actual experience. Finally choose a preferred system and justify why you prefer it. Do not rely on the software manufacturers information but, rather, write about your experience of using them both. • The overall presentation of the report (and observance of word limit) should include an introduction, conclusion, and citations/references (Harvard format) as well as diagrams and graphics as necessary.